Doc/readme (#777)
nextcloud/neon: docs/README.md

# Documentation

## Terminology
There can be a lot of confusion what an `app` is. It can mean a server app conventionally written in PHP, the app implementation of one or a mobile app built with Neon.
Therefore we use the following naming:

> - **App** as the resulting shipped apped enabling one or more clients

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **App** as the resulting user facing app that enables one or more clients
```

- **Client** for the implementation of a server PHP app

> - **Plugin** the implementations of server functions that are used by multiple clients

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Let's remove it for now and added it when we have it.

> - **Nextcloud-Client** as the Dart client generated from the OpenAPI specifications

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **API-Client** as the Dart client generated from the OpenAPI specifications
```

- **Server app** as the app running on the server conventionally built with PHP

> - **Neon project** is this entire mono repository containing multiple packages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Neon project** is this entire mono repository containing all the code
```

> - **Neon framework** the Flutter Nexrtcloud app framework itself

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Neon framework** the Flutter Nextcloud app framework itself
```

## Code of Conduct 

> Please read the [Code of Conduct]((../CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)). This document offers some guidance to ensure Nextcloud and Neon participants can cooperate effectively in a positive and inspiring atmosphere, and to explain how together we can strengthen and support each other.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please read the [Code of Conduct](../CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). This document offers some guidance to ensure Nextcloud and Neon participants can cooperate effectively in a positive and inspiring atmosphere, and to explain how together we can strengthen and support each other.
```

## Contributing
Please review the [guidelines for contributing](../CONTRIBUTING.md) to this repository to help you get started with our workflows and tools.

## Architecture overview 
Check out our little [overview](architecture.md) of how the Neon project is built to help you get started.

## [Login user flow](login.md)

## Nextcloud Conference 2023

> We held a lightning talk in the at the Nextcloud conference in 2023 in Berlin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We held a lightning talk at the Nextcloud Conference in 2023 in Berlin.
```

> You cen check our [slides](nextcloud_conference_talks.pdf) and the recording once available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can check our slides and the recording once available.
```

> ## Adding a new package to the Neon project

Reviewer: I think this should either go into the architecture documentation or be its own page.

If you need to add a new package to the Neon project pleae make sure to execute all the following steps:
1. Use the according template by running `fvm dart create -t package package_name` or `fvm flutter create -t package package_name`.

> 2. Make sure to activate your strict linting by adding it to the package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Make sure to activate our strict linting by adding it to the package.
```

This needs more explanation on how to do it.

> 3. Re generate the dependency overrides by executing `melos bootstrap`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Regenerate the dependency overrides by executing `melos bootstrap`.
```

4. Add a Symlink to our main [license](../LICENSE).

> 5. update [commitlint.yaml](../commitlint.yaml) by adding the new package name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Update [commitlint.yaml](../commitlint.yaml) by adding the new package name.
```

> 6. Update [tool/build-app.sh](../tool/build-app.sh) by adding the new package name.

Reviewer: Just put it in the 5th step
